guys today trouble recording video from
cars on the border are all immature
border guards of the Estonian border
so look so this green
booth is the first shine stand in front
her two cars there you just
presenting a Schengen visa I like
only allows the border guard to drive you
Are you going to see what kind of cars they need
take the right
correctly and drive up directly
already to customs to passport control on
right lane here this here you
you will leave this entry
get up and just like on the Finnish border
get stamps about leaving Russia
happen next farther she zone
duty free there you purchase if you
you need it and move on after children free
you stop another green house
who's left to the right is duty free
I do not see the chassis from the fortress
here is a tree in front of us a bridge there
there is a queue to enter Russia to enter
in queue there is no queue you show
once again in the booth in the next
the fact that you put the stamp out of
Russia these on bridge in Estonia further
we will take you passport control first
customs husband went gone showed
Schengen visa on this border such
order that u fit people only from
one machine all the other cars are sitting
and wait their turn today for a very long time
we pass borders
45 minutes have passed since we are here
stamps have already been waiting for inspection
finally after 50 minutes we passed
Only Russian customs, God, they are so
In this process, we all stretched
drive up to duty free
water table now let's go inside
draw your attention that they brought
finnanger you can carry alcohol
only if found
bring alcohol only if
stay there for at least 72 hours
territory or eu
customs regulations
Estonia can be bought in duty free
take 40 cigarettes with you
wines up to 4 liters of beer up to 16 liters two
liters of alcohol to 22 degrees fortress and
1 liter over 22 degrees
Estonian
customs officers and not cure Finnish here
cars are much more often checked and more
By the way, you should also not carefully carry
Estonia meat and milk and the rest
products they do not like can take away
and to be hacked to pay should be fastened
not easy to buckle up on salads
all other year give free
there will be another house with Russians
border guards we show them dies
here he is ahead we turn off the dies
showed we were approaching Estonian
border zone pay attention to the right go
people are the only pedestrian border on
spam in Russia but at least with
northwest part 8
there was a glass border guard all
drive up
here shows it was not necessary and
spanish passport control in front of us
now we put in the queue red
traffic light is on
we all passed the Estonian border to me
done from then today because u
I have a registration certificate
maiden name but missed said
what type just advise you to change
drove into we go to Narva now
walk along the fortress